now you guys gave me a really hard time
when i unboxed that that keyboard that
had the built-in iphone dock that you
could make you could use your iphone as
a touchpad and the keyboard or you could
use the keyboard to type on your iphone
well here is a more PC oriented product
it's not expensive compared to the other
one it has a windows logo right on it
has a limited lifetime warranty and this
is for the multimedia pc as well so this
guy has a keyboard and a touch pad built
into it it uses bluetooth it has six
internet hawk he's 14 embedded media
keys and on the back let's see some
other product features here okay six
internet hotkeys and 14 media keys okay
connecting a hot switch between six
toast devices that's interesting all
right what else do we got here operating
distance operating oh wow up to 33 feet
that's not bad that's uh gonna work
pretty much anywhere inside your house
in theory so he stroked life is 10
million all this good stuff you know
what let's just get this baby opened up
because this is from osseo this is
actually which model is this ah ok so
this is the kb 30 37 BP and this is the
kind of product that i would use that i
would quite enjoy we've had stuff like
this on the market for a long time
actually but a lot of it has been cost
prohibitive as you guys pointed out to
me when i unbox that other product that
was like a hundred dollars for what was
essentially a keyboard that had a dock
on it so i do see your point this guy is
quite a bit cheaper and comes with
batteries it's wireless that was the
other problem with the other one is it
wasn't wireless you actually needed
wired power for it so i understand that
complaint as well although i have been
using it and is it it is it is it is
pretty decent for my purposes so let's
plug this guy in here we are that's
pretty much the entire setup process and
let's have a look at the physical
keyboard itself so it's quite light
which is nice because when you're
sitting on the couch you don't feel like
this you got a keyboard on your lap you
don't want some big old heavy thing
it's also actually not this is the
curvature is good as well so you can see
how it goes from flat and it angles down
a little bit to be curved so what that
means is that you are leaning forward a
little bit to type on the keyboard or
like your your hands are like this and
then to use the touchpad you're coming
up like this which is actually very
natural okay so we've got um let me are
those are those touch-sensitive pool so
we've got a bunch of hot keys here we
have all of your usual kinds of media
keys so we've got a play/pause forward
back stop volume up volume down you can
that looks like locking the touchpad so
that's kind of handy as well now in
terms of the key quality it's about what
i would expect is some about what you
would see on an average kind of laptop
so very short travel distance is fairly
quiet so if you're up late watching TV
you're watching youtube videos on your
on your television on your media pc or
whatever the case may be then you're
probably not going to be disturbing
anybody if you're typing on this it is a
bluetooth keyboard so you will need a
receiver I'll bear that in mind you guys
it does not come with a receiver and
yeah I think that's pretty much all
there is to say but one thing that
really stands out to me about it though
is it has a really nice brushed finish
here so it makes it look kind of sharp
because the thing about a media keyboard
is is probably you know if your if your
kids are relatives or anything like the
people that I know you know this is
going to end up just kind of thrown on
the couch after people are done watching
TV and it's going to kind of sit there
so you want it to look pretty decent
rather than just you know being like
some beige thing that doesn't have a
nice finish on it because people are
going to see it when we come over
potentially I think that's pretty much
all there is to say about it why don't
we just get some closer product shots at
this so you guys can see what's involved
in
look yet here's a little instruction
quick important information actually
thanks a lot i tell you about this while
you while you kind of check out the
keyboard here check it out from that
angle so you can i press here to
enable/disable you some sath padta yeah
that is indeed what this does to pair
multiple Bluetooth devices all you have
to do is press and hold the reset button
until the connection led is blinking
than user devices Bluetooth utility in
search and connect to the keyboard so
it's kind of a Bluetooth hub which is
also kind of neat you just press
function and then the number you used
when pairing the device oh cool two pair
two devices 126 that's kind of neat it's
good to read documentation okay next we
have the pairing guide for the keyboard
and then we also have this is actually
really neat it comes with a diagram most
keyboards expect you to just kind of
stumble your way through it so this
gives you a diagram of what all of the
keys here are bound to by default a
pairing guide you've got this reference
sheet okay if you are buying this
product for your parents for example on
my parents sir they're not tech savvy at
all so what I would do is I would take
this guide and I would tape it down
inside the drawer of their TV stand and
then it's there forever so that way if
anyone calls me mmm-hmm the touchpad is
not working and I say okay press the
function all what's the function key
uh-huh the FN key the one that did the
blue one but all the keys are black no
the one with the blue text well there's
a bunch with blue text the one with the
blue tax SS function but it says FN c
i'm trying to diagnose this over the
phone so i don't have the keyboard in
front of me right so i don't have to
explain it all i have to say is hey go
look at the piece of paper i taped it
there for a reason so that's actually
really handy i appreciate that it cost
them almost nothing to print out this
piece of paper but it's very useful and
finally we have a quick start guide
which looks like it covers how to put in
the batteries pretty much all right so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
of this
ticular ezio keyboard the kb 33 7bp
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips from our unboxings reviews and
other computer videos